#Excel_Challenge

Crowdfunding platforms like Kickstarter and Indiegogo have been growing in success and popularity since the late 2000s. From independent content creators to famous celebrities, more and more people are using crowdfunding to launch new products and generate buzz, but not every project has found success.

To receive funding, the project must meet or exceed an initial goal, so many organizations dedicate considerable resources looking through old projects in an attempt to discover “the trick” to finding success. For this week's Challenge, you will organize and analyze a database of 1,000 sample projects to uncover any hidden trends.

Used the excel workbook to modify and analyze the sample-project data and try to uncover market trends.
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

Used conditional formatting to fill each cell in the outcome column with a different color, depending on whether the associated campaign was successful, failed, canceled, or is currently live. Created a new column called Percent Funded that uses a formula to find how much money a campaign made relative to its initial funding goal. Used conditional formatting to fill each cell in the Percent Funded column according to a three-color scale. The scale should start at 0 with a dark shade of red, and it should transition to green at 100 and blue at 200.

Created a new column called Average Donation that uses a formula to find how much each project backer paid on average.

Create two new columns, one called Parent Category and another called Sub-Category, that use formulas to split the Category and Sub-Category column into the two new, separate columns.

